ice cream okay and fried food thank you
fried ice cream food okay because my
scoliosis your scoliosis yes no you
don't yes I do so you just let me make
fun of you for being short when you've
actually had a medical condition so I
don't real asshole yeah but that would
happen regardless you know me to do the
turkey thing this is how real turkey
sounds this isn't like what everyone
thinks like the cartoon sound like okay
little early so it's kind of like a
horse turkey labyrinth did you see was
it on TV oh my gosh dang Netflix how
would I see that because i post a
picture of oh well that whole thing on
facebook where I didn't I don't live on
Facebook oh it's old gen long hair so
you look like when i first met you hi
Jen you really nice smile gonna be there
very impressive the guitar so I can
finish learning how to play guitar and
give me something to do in laptop so
there's Wi-Fi
yeah am I already wearing clothes when I
get there no you're naked I'm naked well
I guess sunscreen because I don't
sunburn SPF 45 what am I even supposed
to say I don't know many rock stars that
shop at the gap for red flags I'm out
would you say to ya what I do you play
guitar you played that really 80s solo
oh that was a vet right yeah no no no
that was great I was sleeping beauty
you're sleeping beauty yeah
I'm trying to expand my social network
to live on Twitter I mean tall people
don't have small feet because they'll
just tip over
I'm Jen Lilley fingers hurt